https://imgur.com/a/34Klnzp

EXPLANATION

The current web architecture implementation shows 3 servers ie two are active while on one is passive. In this case the 2 active servers can be used for fault tolerance and distribution of load to ensure operations take place twice as fast.

In this case we will use the round robin load balacing algorithm. This algorithm passes each new connection request to the next server in line, eventually distributing connections evenly across the array of machines being load balanced.

In this case we have implemented an active-active server architecture in which we have 2 servers running simultaneously. This is in order to make web application operation like database access more efficient by splitting the load across multiple servers.

On the other hand, an active-passive server architecture is a type of high availability (HA) solution that uses two servers, one of which is active and the other passive. The active server handles all requests from clients, while the passive server is idle and only takes over if the active server fails. This acts as a fault tolerance mechanism.

A primary-replica (master-slave) cluster is a type of database cluster that uses a master-slave replication topology. In this topology, there is one master database server and one or more slave database servers. The master database server is responsible for all writes to the database, while the slave database servers are responsible for reading from the database.
When a write operation is performed on the master database server, the change is replicated to all of the slave database servers. This ensures that all of the slave database servers have a consistent copy of the data.

ISSUES WITH THE CURRENT INFRASTRUCTURE

1. The lack of SSL certificates means that users data that is sent to the web server is not encrypted and can therefore be accessed in transit by unauthorized people.
2. Lack of a firewall also means that information moving to and from the internet  is not filtered to check for malicious programs and unauthorized access and therefore the user is vulnerable to attacks.
3. Also lack of monitoring tools means that performance issues may arise due to an unoptimised architecture.
4. Also not monitoring may lead to compliance issues in the architecture.
5. A single point of failure in the architecture is that there is only one load balancer meaning that when the load balancer fails the whole system may fail.
